proofread: sync_accounts and upgrade (#2511)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/administration/upgrade.md

# Upgrade

> Different JuiceFS clients have different upgrade methods, which are described below.

Reviewer: Upgrade methods vary for different JuiceFS clients.

> Different JuiceFS clients have different upgrade methods, which are described below.

Author: ```suggestion
Upgrade methods vary with different JuiceFS clients.
```

## Mount point

The JuiceFS client only has one binary file. So to upgrade the new version, you only need to replace the old one with the new one.

> - **Use pre-compiled client**: You can refer to [this document](../getting-started/installation.md#install-the-pre-compiled-client) for installation method of the corresponding system, downloading the latest client and overwriting the old one.

Reviewer: ditch the whole sentense and replace with:

Refer to [Install the pre-compiled client
](../getting-started/installation.md#install-the-pre-compiled-client) for details.

> - **Use pre-compiled client**: You can refer to [this document](../getting-started/installation.md#install-the-pre-compiled-client) for installation method of the corresponding system, downloading the latest client and overwriting the old one.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Use pre-compiled client**: Refer to [Install the pre-compiled client](../getting-started/installation.md#install-the-pre-compiled-client) for details.
```

> - **Manually compile client**: You can pull the latest source code and recompile it to overwrite the old version of the client. Please refer to ["Installation"](../getting-started/installation.md#manually-compiling) document for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Manually compile client**: You can pull the latest source code and recompile it to overwrite the old version of the client. Please refer to ["Installation"](../getting-started/installation.md#manually-compiling) for details.
```

> Please refer to the ["Install and compile the client"](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#install-and-compile-the-client) document to learn how to install the new version of the Hadoop Java SDK, and then follow the ["Deploy the client"](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#deploy-the-client) steps to redeploy the new version of the client to complete the upgrade.

Author: ```suggestion
Please refer to [Install and compile the client](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#install-and-compile-the-client) to learn how to install the new version of the Hadoop Java SDK, and then follow steps in [Deploy the client](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#deploy-the-client) to redeploy the new version of the client to complete the upgrade.
```

:::note

> Some components must be restarted to use the new version of the Hadoop Java SDK. For details, please refer to the ["Restart Services"](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#restart-services) document.

Reviewer: I think we can safely replace all "for details, plz refer to the xxx document" with "refer to [doc title](link) for details", short and sweet.

> Some components must be restarted to use the new version of the Hadoop Java SDK. For details, please refer to the ["Restart Services"](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#restart-services) document.

Author: ```suggestion
Some components must be restarted to use the new version of the Hadoop Java SDK. Please refer to the ["Restart Services"](../deployment/hadoop_java_sdk.md#restart-services) for details.
```
